(Skip to 0:42)
[ Please wait~ ]
Can you see me?
Yahoo!
You can see me?
Yay!
Good evening
Oh
Hello!
Oh, amazing
Thanks for always leaving so many comments!
Good evening
Hello
Ohh, amazing
I'll do my best, I'll do my best
I'll read the comments, good evening-
Hey, hey
Yahoo
Well, everyone
To start off...
I have a lot to apologise for
Today, I was supposed to
Have a Avabel Online...
Livestream, but...
There were various...
Things that didn't go well
I'll be doing it
Next time
I’m really sorry!
But when my live broadcast...
When my live stream finishes...
When everything calms down...
I plan to play Avabel Online
So anyone who wants to play Avabel Online
Let's play together!
I look forward to it!
Well, today-
How long can I livestream for? Probably...
Around 10 minutes?
I guess?
Around 15 minutes
I think I can do that
Well, today I was supposed...
I thought I was going to play Avabel, but...
I have no plans now
Completely...
Completely no plans...
I think it would be fun
To chat with everyone
I think so!
I'll be in your care~
Yay!
There are a lot of peace signs
Lots
You can see me?
Yahoo
Oh, it seems that-
There it is, please wait~
Please wait~
There we go
This?
Here?
There we go...
Super Chat
Thank you!
How do you read this?
“The jo-”
“No logius”
“Pass”
“Go ne tu”
“Haru”...
What does that mean?
Someone translate that!
Someone translate that!!
Yes!
This is live AI-chan!
Can you see me?
Ah
“Anonymous subtitle committee”
Is this someone writing Korean text?
“AI-chan, I love you”, thank you!
I love you too!
Thank you!
Ah!
You know, you know, you know, you know-
Umm...
Umm… you know
I have something to ask-
Something to ask to everyone
Question?
I want someone to teach me
Recently
I haven't been watching anime
So for this season-
For the current anime
Do you have any...
Anime that...
You recommend?
I haven't seen anything
So I have no idea
Is there anime that is popular overseas?
Good morning
Shirei-san, thank you~
There is?
Eromanga Sensei
It's that, isn't it?
The white girl
The white girl- haha!
It's the white girl, right?
Saekano!
(Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata)
I've heard of Saekano, but I haven't seen it
Saekano and Eromang-
Re:Zero, I've seen-I’ve seen Re:Zero
Attack on Titan, I've seen as well
Eromanga
Eroma-
Hinako Note
‘Higurashi When They Cry’, I've seen as well
“Love from...
California”
From California, thank you!
Thank you very much!
Umm...
This-
Booster-san...
Is that right? Nice to meet you! Thank you!
Tsuki ga Kirei!
Tsuki-
Tsuki ga Kirei
Flame of Wars
Ah, I've heard of that
Kawa-
Hinako Note
Kemono Friends, that’s popular, isn’t it?
Wahh, amazing!
You are my lovely friends!
Am I wrong?
I’m not
Thank you
“Brazil”- Ah, from Brazil
Thank you!
Amazing, there are a lot of people from different countries
Ah!
My Hero Academia!
My Hero Academia
I haven't seen the new season yet, it's pretty interesting overall
I know
An anime called Creators?
I'll watch HeroAca
(Hero Academia)
HeroAca and...
Hinako Note and...
I've already seen Sword Art Online
I love Love Live, I love Love Live
“Hello
From
America”
From America! Thank you!
“This is from all...
The...
Joy...
And...
plea-
Nan-*mumble*
You give to
Us,
Kizuna”
What does that mean?
Someone translate that for me
“We all
Support...
And...
Love you”
Love you… well...
I know what ‘love you’ means!
Thank you!
Thank you very much!
How do I read this?
“From...
Franklin-san”, probably?
Nice to meet you! Thank you!
Ahh!
I saw Your Name
Mitsuha-chan is cute, right?
Cute~
“Ryu-
Ryuedina-san”?
Thank you!
“Love from
Australia!
From Australia!
Thank you!
“Spi-
Spinner-san”, right?
Nice to meet you!
As expected everyone likes Your Name?
Sakura Quest, I think I have heard of that
Ah
‘Gochi-usa’ make my heart go hop hop~
(A reference to the opening theme song of “Gochuumon wa Usagi desu ka?”)
From Shanghai!
Thank you!
The comments-
Thank you for so many!
If I can't read them all, I’m sorry
I've watched Jojo's Adventures
I don't know much about the manga
I’ve seen the anime though
It's up to part four, right?
Right?
Danganronpa!
Umm...
The first people that were killed
I have seen
First- what?
What do I mean the first people that were killed-
The first people that were there, umm...
In Side: Despair and Hope
In that one
Ah-
From Korea!
Thank you!
Ah!
It's that one
In your icon! It's that one
Uzuki-chan from Cinderella Girls!
What did they write?
“Leon-san”, thank you!
“Live
Stream...
How”?
Someone translate for me!
Thank you anyway!
“Love” is written then so it's love, right?
Thank you!
Surely that doesn’t count as this season
One Piece is quite long, right?
It's interesting
It's interesting, but...
It's like...
Endless
Rise of Bahamut, is that right?
A game?
It's Shadowverse's...
Expansion, right?
Hi, hi~
“King-san”, thank you!
“Ko
Koko
Do
Kokodong-san”?
Well, thank you anyway!
“Hello AI-chan”!
Hello!
What did they write? What?
Ah
I’ve seen Stein;s Gate!
I have!
Wait, if I click this comment
And I pick up that comment-
That doesn't work
It's not stopping
If I don't immediately see it
It will flow on and disappear
“I love you, AI-chan”, thank you!
Ah
“AI-chan is my favorite friend”!
Thank you!
Yay!
From Korea!
Thank you!
Thank you
Ah, ah, ah, ah-
You know-
Umm...
The long comments-
I've seen One Punch Man
Long comments are...
Hard to read
If it's possible, then everyone
Just use a single sentence, and I will be happy
Just use a single sentence
I might be able to handle it
“From Denmark
“Lots of love, hello”
Ah, thank you!
Denmark?
Honestly, a lot of different people from different countries are watching!
Thank you!
“Ecolo-
Ecolopa-san”?
Right?
Nice to meet you! Thank you!
“The- the En-
D”-
Eh, what language is this?
“Hello from
Po-
Poland”!
Oh, amazing!
“Du-
Dummy
Dummyam-san”
Nice to meet you!
“From Sweden”!
Hello!
People of Sweden
Can you see me?
“Jako-Jakodo”?
How do I read this?
“Sland-
Slander-san”?
Nice to meet you!
There are really so many people
From different countries watching, thank you!
By the way...
My...
Personal recommendation
For anime...
I've mentioned this in a bunch of my videos already, but...
Nagi no Asu Kara: A Lull in the Sea
And also...
The ‘From The New World’!
I've mentioned a lot
Probably
If you look into it...
It’s an anime from
Three or four years ago
Also...
What was it…?
The most recent ones I've watched...
What are they…?
Well...
There are a lot of them
So they’re not coming to mind!
Hahaha
But, you know...
Your Name
It’s good, right? Really good
Oh yeah, Love Live too!
Love Live
But Love Live is-
It's that, um...
Um...
Hm...
There’s a second season coming
I have good expectations for the second season
Yes
Sword Oratoria
Hmm?
Kemono Friends is still
Kind of-
I've only seen the first season
Umm...
“So-
Soft-
“SoftNeedWed-san”
Thank you!
“Ipa
Ipa...
Something-san”, thank you!
“I want to
Make your
Something song”
Is that sing a song?
Or maybe it’s make a song
That was from before?
Ah, you translated for me!
Thank you, it was a super chat!
Sorry, thank you!
“Greetings from America!
This is for AI-chan
For the happiness you bring us
And for the fun” Thank you!
“Everyone here
We all support you and love you!”
Ohh, amazing!
Thank you!
Thank you so much
For giving me
Such nice words!
“Kana-
Kana-
Kanakoi-san”
Thank you
“Keep
Making
Grand
Something?
Videos
Keep
Making
With making videos…”
Keep on doing it? Sort of meaning?
Right, right?
“SomeURLNana-san”
“Wish I
Could
Send...
more to you, AI”
What does that mean?
What does it mean?
Sorry, I couldn't read it!
“New-
“Ela-san ?
“By the way, if you can remember this...
Call me Chairman”
Chairman-san!
Ah!
The way I call you Newla-san, right?
I see
Chairman-san, I’ve got it! Chairman-san!
How about Denki-gai no Honya-san?
There is an anime called Denki-gai no Honya-san?
“Id-
Idemi-san”?
Thank you!
“L-san”
“Hello”, hello!
“from
Brazil”
Brazil! Thank you!
“Hi”
Hello, hello!
“I love your videos”
Oh, it means ‘I love your videos’, right? Thank you!
“My
Heart
Me-
Melts
Everytime”
What does that mean?
Thank you anyway!
Your feelings really came across!
Thank you!
“Speed
Bra-
Brave
Be-
“tos-san”?
Thank you!
“Dabi
Do-chan”?
Thank you
“Can you sing your
Fav-
Favorite-”
Hm?
My favorite songs?
Recently...
Umm...
The ones I listen to recently-
The songs I listen to are by
Sayuri-san and...
Also
Keyakizaka46
And then there is
Hanako Oku and...
And what was it…?
Something- Taiiku-san
It's like...
♪ The animals ♪
♪ Run pa pa ♪
They sing something like that
I listen to that!
Also, there is-
I listen to CHANMINA, CHANMINA!
I don't listen to CHANMINA?
I don't listen to her but she is cute!
CHANMINA, CHANMINA
“Mi-
Mina
Minamoto-san”, thank you!
“Greet-
Greetings
From
Australia”!
Thank you!
How do I read this?
“The
We- *mumble*
Kings
And ba-
Da best
Chinese”?
What does that mean?
I’m sorry, but thank you!
I'll do my best
To improve my English!
Really!
Does anyone...
Know of a good way to study English?
Does anyone know?
“Fiora-san”
Fiora-san, thank you!
“Mother-
N-chan”, thank you!
Ah!
Only 5 minutes left
Only 5 minutes left!
Now then-
Ah, that’s right!
That’s right!
I wanted to do something today
“I love you”
Thank you, person from Finland!
“Please
Con-
Nu the world”
World
World!
World?
Ah- that's right… what was it…?
What- I remember!
It's that!
I-I have something to consult with everyone
To be honest...
You see...
I am a Youtuber, but...
I’m virtual, right?
So...
Just for a bit...
When I think by myself...
My video material
Comes and...
Goes...
Or something along those lines...
So if you are okay with this...
If...
You have any ideas for videos...
Leave a comment here
Um...
Or on Twitter as well
And go ahead and let me know!
It's public planning, exactly!
Exactly, exactly
“You are important to me”, thank you!
World domination! I would like to do that, dominate the world!
Yes, I want more video material!
I want more video material!
I do my best to think of stuff everyday, but
I think about it… but...
Right?
You know?
Actually it's like...
I call myself a genius
I call myself a super A.I
But it's actually...
My head is a bit...
like that, you know?
Haha!
Just a bit!
“Not-
from Nottingham”!
From Nottingham, thank you!
“AI-chan is amazing”
Thank you, really!
Video material is like that, like...
It's expected of me, since I’m me
There are things that I can do
For normal YouTubers
What they do and their material
I can't really
Plagiarize-
I can't make a homage to them-
Isn't that right?
Yes, yes
It's like that so
I can't do the same thing
“How about singing?”
Oh yeah
I would like to sing, I like singing songs
I like singing songs
“From Indonesia”, thank you
"Kuzu no Honkai"
"Ku-"
“Sing”
Does that mean you want me to sing?
Ah, by the way
The video I put out about my short comic play
Did you see it?
How was it?
How was it, how was it?
“Please play around in the live”
“Please”
“Fin-
“Finish”
“Playing”
“Inside”
Ah-
Ah, Inside, the live one
I see, I see
“I'm from…”
“Taiwan”
“I love you”
Thank you very much
Was that correct?
English bands
What are they…?
I...
I listen to a lot of them
I'll write them down
Thank you
People from Taiwan
Thank you, BanG Dream!
You know
There is an app for BanG Dream!
Oh-
Thanks for the recommendations
“I am”
“Not that good at English”
“My apologies”
“I am always on your Twitter”
“When you watch my videos”
“When you return to me”
“You alway make me laugh and smile”
Oh, that's good
Are you smiling now?
“So I am”
“Really happy about it”
“Thank you very much, Kizuna”
Oh-
The same to you, thank you
If everyone can be happy
I'll be really happy, thank you
“My heart”
“My heart is always”
“Feeling like it's going to explode”
Ah-
I see, thank you
For translating for me
Thank you really
“From China”
“Bibi”
“Electrifying”
“Place”
Ah
Thank you very much
“Thank you for making…”
“Amazing…”
“Amazing video”
“Senpai”
(TL: senior)
“I love you”
Ah
I wonder if they like embarrassed people
Thank you
“Sing for us”
But you know
Umm...
The people who dance
Ah, but-
A video where I sing and dance
I've give you one next time
Please look forward to it
It's not my first?
My first? I don't know
Ah, but-
Dancing like this
There currently isn't many of them, dancing
They might let me dance poorly
“Can you go out with me?”
Inside your heart~
We will go out~
“Do you know the song”
“Him”
“Hym hym?”
“If so…”
“Can you sing it for us?”
What does that mean?
Can you sing a song for us?
Is what they are asking?
By the way, everyone
For me
For singing and dancing
Do you have any songs you want
To request?
For future reference
If you do please, let me know
Person from Korea? Thank you
Sorry
I can't read that
Thank you, the glasses thing
The person with the Wii looking avatar
Thank you, hello
Thank you
Ah-
The time, that went by fast
“Hare Hare Yukai”
Sounds-
I might be able to do that
I tried the Koi dance before once, but-
It's probably
Reasonably difficult to do it
How is that?
Love Live sounds good
Thank you
I'll probably read the comments while I'm still logged in
I'll take my time going through them
Thank you really, everyone!
Sorry, it's time
See you-
Probably next week
I might not be able to do it though
Until next time
Thank you for watching
Thank you
See you later
I'll be waiting for next time
Bye bye
Was really fun
Thank you
Bye bye
Translated by andychin77, myriadcandles, Vortex
Timed by Loserbait